README.markdown, before:

# Stylus Package for Sublime Editor 2

An extension for Sublime Text 2.

Build system and syntax hi-lighting for Stylus language

## Limitations

*It has been confirmed as working on ubuntu 11.10, so I assume it should work on other flavors, but I have not tested any others*

*It is working on windows, but there is an issue if there are unicode characters in the path variable - this is expected to be a sublime-text issue and has been reported*

**It works for me on OSX because I have installed Stylus (via npm) and have the `stylus` binary in my path**

## Install

### Package Control

The easiest way to install this is with [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime\_packages/package\_control).

 * If you just went and installed Package Control, you probably need to restart Sublime Text 2 before doing this next bit.
 * Bring up the Command Palette (Command+Shift+p on OS X, Control+Shift+p on Linux/Windows).
 * Select "Package Control: Install Package" (it'll take a few seconds)
 * Select Stylus when the list appears.

Package Control will automatically keep Git up to date with the latest version.

If you have some problems or improvements with it, contact me via GitHub.

Commit message:

hat tip to new stylus package

README.markdown, after:

# Stylus Package for Sublime Editor 2

An extension for Sublime Text 2. Build system and syntax hi-lighting for Stylus language

**alternatively, try [grassator's stylus package](https://github.com/grassator/stylus-sublime) which also supports ST3 - and bills itself as "a better alternative to a similar package by billymoon" ,~)**

## Limitations

*It has been confirmed as working on ubuntu 11.10, so I assume it should work on other flavors, but I have not tested any others*

*It is working on windows, but there is an issue if there are unicode characters in the path variable - this is expected to be a sublime-text issue and has been reported*

**It works for me on OSX because I have installed Stylus (via npm) and have the `stylus` binary in my path**

## Install

### Package Control

The easiest way to install this is with [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime\_packages/package\_control).

 * If you just went and installed Package Control, you probably need to restart Sublime Text 2 before doing this next bit.
 * Bring up the Command Palette (Command+Shift+p on OS X, Control+Shift+p on Linux/Windows).
 * Select "Package Control: Install Package" (it'll take a few seconds)
 * Select Stylus when the list appears.

Package Control will automatically keep Git up to date with the latest version.

If you have some problems or improvements with it, contact me via GitHub.
